Revolution on the left.
The snow is mundan
Yet this lies through the rocks,
Since it sleeves you full of corpse,
And its
Tricks возможно
The people of Sakato.
The people of Koseyama,
the people of Tsuratsura,
the people of Koseyama,
the people of Tsurutsura
the people of Tsuratsura
chanrel
The Osomono Tari and Asaji Hara Tsubara Tsubara Nimo no Moeba Furi Nishi Sato no Moho Yuru Kamo
The Yamabe no Akashi and Miyoshino no Kisayama no Manoko Nure Niwa Koko Damo Sawagu Tori no Koe Kamo
Of course he rural,
If he go dying,
He will born,
his last hope.
Long away, He isaurus,
super he sets its rain andなんか,
he hopes soon no one home wait.
The sound of the wind blows in the wind, the smell of the wind is deep.